Updated command set (#3569)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/hyper-v/New-VHD.md

```

This example creates a VHDX-format differencing virtual hard disk with a parent path of
`C:\Base.vhdx`.

### Example 3

```powershell
New-VHD -Path C:\Fixed.vhd -Fixed -SourceDisk 2 -SizeBytes 1TB
```

This example creates a 1 TB VHD-format fixed virtual hard disk at the specified path. The data for
the virtual hard disk is populated from the disk identified in the system by the number 2. You can
list the disks attached to the system and the number associated with each disk using the `Get-Disk`
cmdlet.

### Example 4

```powershell
$parameters = @{
BlockSizeBytes = "128MB"
LogicalSectorSize = "4KB"
SizeBytes = "1TB"
}
New-VHD -Path C:\LargeSectorBlockSize.vhdx @parameters
```

This example creates a new 1 TB VHDX-format dynamic virtual hard disk at the specified path with a
block size of 128 MB and a logical sector size of 4 KB.

### Example 5

```powershell
$vhdpath = "C:\VHDs\Test.vhdx"
$vhdsize = 127GB
New-VHD -Path $vhdpath -Dynamic -SizeBytes $vhdsize | Mount-VHD -PassThru | Initialize-Disk -PassThru | New-Partition -AssignDriveLetter -UseMaximumSize | Format-Volume -FileSystem NTFS -Confirm $false -Force
```

> This example creates a new 127GB VHD and then mounts, initializes, and formats it so the drive is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a new 127 GB VHD and then mounts, initializes, and formats it so the drive is
```
